DOC-2023: Added TINY-9466 to the release notes. (#2705)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.5-release-notes.adoc

{productname} 6.5 also includes the following bug fixes:

> === It was possible to apply case change to `contenteditable="false"` elements.
> //#TINY-9466
> 
> In previous versions of {productname}, selecting content inside a `contenteditable="false"` section while having the casechange plugin active made it possible to apply the casechange features via the toolbar buttons and menu items.
> 
> As a result in {productname} 6.5, the casechange toolbar button and menu items will now be disabled when the selection is in `contenteditable="false"` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

=== Case Change 2.0.2

The {productname} 6.5 release includes an accompanying release of the **Case Change** premium plugin.

**Case Change** 2.0.2 includes the following change.

=== It was possible to apply case change to elements with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set.
//#TINY-9466

Previously, the **Case Change** plugin could change the case of a selection inside an element with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set.

In **Case Change** 2.0.2, the Case Change toolbar button and menu items are disabled when the selection is in an element with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set.

For information on the **Case Change** plugin, see: xref:casechange.adoc[Case Change].
```
Edited to be in the Premium Plugin Changes section of the Release Notes.

> As a result in {productname} 6.5, the casechange toolbar button and menu items are will now be disabled when the selection is in `contenteditable="false"` section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As a result in {productname} 6.5, the casechange toolbar button and menu items will now be disabled when the selection is in `contenteditable="false"` section.
```
